Moneymeets/adjust for keycloak 22 (#11)
moneymeets/keycloak: README.md

This repository contains the source code for the Keycloak Server, Java adapters and the JavaScript adapter.

## moneymeets Specific Fixes

> At moneymeets the repository keycloak-docker is used to set up and run Keycloak. Internally, it creates a docker container containing Keycloak based on the source of the latest commit in branch moneymeets/20.0.5 of this repository here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At moneymeets the repository keycloak-docker is used to set up and run Keycloak. Internally, it creates a docker container containing Keycloak based on the source of the latest commit in branch moneymeets/22.? of this repository here.
```

This fork was created so that moneymeets is able to implement fixes that are not available yet or only available in later Keycloak versions.
Currently, the following fixes are present in the code:

> * Back port of fix [keycloak/keycloak#23303](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/23303).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Backport of fix [keycloak/keycloak#23303](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/23303).
```

> * MD-6730 fix email validation to be RFC compliant.

Reviewer: 🔥 great to have some overview of why we have this fork at all. I hope it's up to date and can also be seen via git commit history?
